live your long life now I'm seventy three years old and one of things
when I look back as I look back and I think of all the people I knew
over those decades could have helped me could help me be better at
what I do could help me with problems I had and I didn't have access
to that really bothers me now looking back seeing all those missed
opportunities so I am part of a project is trying to create a database
of assistance for people like I used to be who may need help today
so that they can get a way to find out how do I pick a career what's
a career like what is the variability said I should be looking at
and what do I do now if I want to pursue those issues and so the way
I can help you is by responding to questions you have asked me about
career or being in the military or life in general that I might be
able to help you with not by giving you advice but just by telling
you how it's been for me what my life it's been like and what I learned
from that and what you analyze it as you will